dont ssh into compute nodes (#372)
hpcleuven/VscDocumentation: source/jobs/job_advanced.rst

The first step is to ensure that X11 access from the login node to your local
screen is properly set up.

Next, starting a session that uses a full node on Vaughan can be done as

.. code:: bash

   login$ salloc -n 1 -c 64 -t 1:00:00 --x11
   login$ srun --jobid=<jobid> --pty bash
   r0c00cn0$ xclock
   r0c00cn0$ exit
   login$ exit

What this does is:

1. The first command, executed on the login node, creates a job allocation for
   64 cores. It returns with a shell prompt on the login node as soon as the
   allocation is ready and prints the job ID of the running job on the screen.
   The ``--x11`` option is used to forward X11 traffic.

2. Next we log on to the allocated compute node using attaching an interactive
   shell (``--pty bash``) to the job ID with ``srun``.

3. We can now execute X11 commands, launch graphical applications, or anything
   else that we want to do and is supported on a compute node.

4. The first ``exit`` command leaves the compute node and returns to the login
   shell, **but still within the salloc command**.

5. Hence we need a second ``exit`` command to leave the shell created by
   ``salloc`` and free the resources for other users.

> **So do not forget that you need to exit two shells to free the resources!**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. warning::
   Do not forget that you need to exit two shells to free the allocated resources!
```
